( country music playing
over speaker )
Yes, um...
A tad less rum and a tinge
more Scotch, C.D.
That is the Extra Reserve
you're using, isn't it?
That's 5,000 even, right?
Yes, precisely,
and you make the check out
to Stonham
Investment Enterprises.
C.D.:
You know, this old Ranger's
been known to dabble
in the Dow
every once in a while.
Just, uh...
how do you intend
to double that investment?
Well, um...
as in any endeavor, C.D.,
the mastery of high finance
requires creativity
and diligence,
professional skill,
and just a pinch of luck.
Much like concocting
this libation, I imagine.
It--
Too much Cointreau and,
uh, not enough bitters.
Oh.
Lovely.
Quite...
Quite lovely.
Gentlemen.
Stonham.
Walker.
What are you doing here?
I thought you were
away for a while.
Yeah, well, much as I enjoy
my time spent, um...abroad?
You know what people say.
All good things
must come to an end.
Bye.
I didn't know
you knew him, Walker.
Shredder Stonham?
Oh, yeah, I know him.
He's an all right kind of guy
for a con man.
Just has a habit
of selling property
he doesn't own.
Hey, Trivette.
Yeah?
Where's that investment
counselor we're supposed meet?
Yeah, uh...
Well...
Um, he showed up
earlier, and...
But don't worry because
I already
put you in for half.
You invested my money
without my permission?
Relax.
It's a sure thing.
( suspenseful theme playing )
My people like
your merchandise.
Yeah, how much
they like it?
Five thousand.
Five? Hey, we're talkin'
automatic rifles.
M-16s, grenades, mines.
Five doesn't even cover
the samples we gave you.
Take it or leave it.
You hear that, Pee Wee?
DRIVER:
Hey, okay.
All right. Okay. Wait.
Wait a minute.
Okay!
Maybe I could go to--
Shut up!
Deal's off.
Where are the samples?
In the Hummer.
( grunts )
Troy ain't gonna like us
comin' up empty.
Who says we
come up empty?
Huh?
( laughs )
( laughing )
Y'all make sure
he gets home safely, huh?
( laughing )
WALKER:
I can't believe
you would invest my money
without asking me.
Come on. Walker,
how else are you gonna
get that grazing land
you've had your eye on?
Well, losing money
in the stock market
is not one of the ways.
We're not gonna lose.
And even if we do,
I mean...
...it's tax-deductible.
Well, tell that
to my horse, Amigo,
when he gets...
When he gets hungry.
Wh-what?
( punching, grunting )
PEE WEE:
Come on, get up!
( grunting )
( laughing )
All right,
that's enough!
Hey! Hey,
that's enough.
All right,
back off. Back--
I said
it's all over, all right?
Look.
You had enough?
( grunting )
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. It's nothing.
It's nothing.
I was in there hitting the suds
a little too good.
You know, and I started
mouthing off
about the Mavericks being
a bunch of losers.
One thing led to the other,
and, you know...
You wanna press charges?
No.
No, th-that's okay.
I gotta get going home,
'cause my wife, she worries
if I'm late, you know?
All right, you guys,
get out of here.
Guy's lying
through his teeth.
Yeah. He didn't exactly
smell like a brewery, did he?
Either that
or my nose is broken.
Well, if you lose my money,
that could be arranged.
( light rock action theme
playing )
Thank you much.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( tires screech )
Hey, what are you do--?
M-my-- My purse!
My purse! Hey!
Hey, what--?
WOMAN:
Hey, what are you--?
My purse!
No!
Hey!
Hey, come on.
Hey, hey, come on.
You'll blow the place up!
Let's go, Pee Wee.
Pleasure doin'
business with you.
( laughing )
( engine starts )
ATTENDANT:
Lady, forget about your purse!
Come on!
( women screams )
SHREDDER:
It-- Of course. Look,
it's a blue-chip growth
and income issue,
with an excellent
debt-to-earnings ratio.
Alex, we need
to talk to you about that--
What's he doing here?
Is he up to his
old tricks again?
No.
He's an independent
investment counselor now.
He's offered to come up--
Oh, wait a minute.
Did you say
"investment counselor"?
Yes.
I got him into
a training program
when he was paroled.
The man has
rehabilitated himself.
Give him a chance.
We gave him
more that that.
( phone rings )
Alex Cahill.
Mm-hm.
Mm-hm. Got it.
A couple of guys
just blew up a gas station
at Market and 25th.
You know,
I'm really not used
to having my battles
fought for me
by, uh, a member
of the fairer sex.
I'm not a member
I'm a district attorney.
Indeed you are.
Hey, and if it hadn't
been for you,
I'd still be pacing around
in a drafty prison cell.
You don't owe me anything.
Your debt was to society,
and you paid it.
Oh, quite true.
Quite true. Yes. Yes.
All the same, um...
I bet that you've got
a nice little nest egg
squirreled away somewhere, hey,
that I could sort of, you know,
nurture for you.
As a way of showing
my gratitude.
( vehicle approaching )
Hey.
Lookie there.
MAN:
Need a little help,
honey?
No. It's okay.
I think I can handle it.
So can my brother here.
But he likes
to be paid in advance.
( woman screams )
You said there were
two of 'em?
Yes, sir.
What'd they look like?
Mutt and Jeff.
They were a couple
of real slimebags.
They were driving
one of them newfangledy things
that they used over
there in the Gulf War.
A Hummer?
Yeah. Yeah,
a Hummer.
We got an assault in progress
at Danbury and 20th.
That's not far from here.
Could be them.
( energetic theme playing )
( engine starts )
( tires squealing )
( tires squeal )
What happened?
Well, she was
sexually assaulted.
There were
two of 'em,
apparently
came up and--
Big guy and a little guy
in an ATV?
Yeah.
That's what she said.
Fact, it took off
around this corner over here.
( engine starts )
( energetic theme playing )
What do you want
to do next, Pee Wee?
How about one of them
convenience stores?
We ain't hit
one of them in weeks.
Good idea.
( chuckles )
( siren wailing )
Damn. We got cops.
Lose 'em.
( horn honking )
( gunshots )
( tires squealing,
horn honking )
I got this one.
( grunts )
( grunting )
Come here.
Spread 'em.
You know the drill.
Trivette, take a look.
OFFICER ( over speaker ):
Step back.
Turn to the right, please.
TRIVETTE:
Don't worry, ma'am.
They can't see.
It's a one-way glass.
OFFICER:
And face front.
I'd say two.
And six.
No doubt about it.
Take your time,
Mr. Dolvis.
Be certain.
Two and six.
Number two...
And number six.
You're all positive
of the identifications
that you've made?
I am.
Are you willing to
sign complaints?
Sure am.
MAN:
Name's Troy Cochran.
Here to bail out my brothers.
These the three
that fingered 'em?
ALEX:
Don't let them
frighten you.
Um...I'm not
sure anymore.
You were pretty sure
a few minutes ago.
I'm sorry, I--
Everything's
kind of hazy. I--
I can't see
their faces anymore.
U-uh, yeah,
me too.
I'm just glad
I'm alive.
I'll sign.
I'm not gonna let 'em get away
with what they did to me.
Only my brothers wasn't
the ones who done it.
You'd be making
a big mistake, girl.
You'll be making a big mistake
if you don't
shut your mouth, bud.
You the Ranger that beat up
my younger brother, Royce?
That's right.
Oh, you're a real big man
with that badge on.
You should see me
without one.
( others chuckling )
( laughing )
( ominous theme playing )
MAN:
Shut up
and sit down!
Okay, Farkas,
why did they
do this to you?
Ow!
I already told you.
What reason would I have
to lie about it?
Well, take your pick.
These were found with
two guys named Cochran
in your Hummer.
Mine?
( laughs )
As far as I know,
my Hummer
was in the garage
all night long.
Well,
it's in the impound now.
It was involved
in a federal crime,
so it's gonna stay there,
permanently.
Why? Huh? These guys
must've ripped it off, okay?
These guns,
they belong to them,
because I've never
touched them in my life.
Is that a fact?
Then why are your prints
all over 'em?
Hm?
( knocking at door )
TRIVETTE:
Got a match.
The armory heist,
right?
Federal task force
Alex is on
has been working
this case for months,
so I guess she'll stop going
gray when we solve it for her.
These automatic weapons
are on this inventory
of stolen military
ordnance, Mr. Farkas.
Well, we're listening.
( upbeat country music playing
over speaker )
( bar patrons
laughing and chattering )
Give me a pitcher,
a vodka rocks and microwave
this for me, will ya?
( high-pitched squealing )
MAN:
Ah!
Do something!
( Royce laughing )
( laughing )
So I says, "Five grand
don't buy jack."
He says, "Take it
or leave it."
So Pee Wee here
takes his face
and starts paving
the parking lot with it.
( men laughing )
Shut up!
You messed up.
You brought Rangers
down on us.
Rangers.
Pee Wee too.
The Farkas deal was yours.
Instead of mouthin' off,
you ought to be out there
rustlin' up another buyer,
real quick.
And if you don't, you're gonna
end up as dog meat.
C'mon, Troy.
Don't mess up again.
I'm on my way out.
I'm gotta meet Stonham
for lunch.
Lunch.
It's business, Trivette.
Well, so is this.
These are automatic weapons
from the armory heist.
Farkas claims that
these are samples
from the Cochran''
sales kit.
Nice work.
So we figured we'd set up
the Cochrans,
bust 'em and make it stick.
So who's going undercover?
I mean, they'd make
either of you in a second.
Yeah, she's right.
How 'bout Cobalt?
SHREDDER:
How 'bout me?
Look, you do know
that I was the fellow
who once sold the Reunion Tower
to three different buyers
on the same day, don't you?
No.
Too flashy.
Cochrans are filth.
It's the wrong mix.
But that's exactly what
would make them go for the fake.
In my day, I have duped men
far more ruthless
than the Cochrans,
and I lived to tell the tale.
Okay, Shredder.
What's the catch?
Now, I-- I take exception
to that, Walker.
I-- I really do.
I want him wired.
One glitch
and we bail him out.
Agreed?
Ha!
Let me have your jacket.
She's, um, ahem--
She's quite wonderful,
isn't she?
Best prosecutor
I ever worked with.
Oh really, Walker,
I was referring to her warmth,
her sophistication,
her electrifying sexuality.
I don't mix
business with pleasure.
Quite frankly,
I think Alex
would rather
fancy it if you did.
I'm not a fancy type of guy.
No, you're more the sort of
strong, silent type.
How's our stock doing?
Quite, uh,
predictably.
It's undergone
a mild correction
due to profit-taking
and, uh, should fairly soon
resume its steady
climb up, up, up.
How much profit
did we take?
Profit?
We made a profit?
Am I gonna wear this?
You do realize this is gonna
completely wreak havoc
with the line of my jacket,
don't you? Hm?
SHREDDER:
Now, dear friends,
into the breach I go.
( upbeat rock music playing
over speaker )
( bar patrons laughing,
chattering )
Hi.
Hello.
Can I get you something?
Yes, thank you.
I'd, uh...
I'd like a draft
and, um...
an introduction to some chaps
called Cochran.
Well, they're not here
right now,
but they might blow in.
How lovely.
When they do,
could you possibly see to it
that they sort of blow
in this direction?
Brew's on me.
Oh, you are nice.
If I'd known that,
I'd have ordered
a bowl of your chili as well.
You got it, slick.
( whispers ):
Slick?
He doesn't seem
like the chili type.
He's a con man,
Trivette.
He can be anything
he wants to be:
A chili lover,
a gunrunner,
or an expert
in the stock market.
Alex invested too.
How is our stock doing?
Will you give me a break,
Walker?
I'm doing this for your own--
( engines roaring )
( hooting and hollering )
Come on!
All right!
Whoo-hoo!
( rock music playing
over speaker )
( grunts )
I hear you're
lookin' for us.
Well, if your name is Cochran,
sir, yes, I rather think I am.
Take your pick.
Hm?
Now, who the hell are you?
Me? Oh, um...
Well, I'm just somebody
who's heard
that you could
help me acquire a, um,
certain capability.
And what might that be?
Superior firepower.
It's rather important
in my trade.
Of course, if I've
been misinformed, then I'll--
( growls )
Ow.
You talk weird.
But your info is prime.
Now, what's your game?
Yes. Ahem, before
we go any further,
I couldn't help noticing
in the newspapers
that some of your brethren
have been charged,
with, uh,
having their way
with a young lady
against her will.
Oh, you mean that rape thing.
Well, I'm concerned it might
complicate matters.
Well, I wouldn't
worry about that,
'cause she ain't gonna
live to testify.
Now, are we doin' business,
or what?
Yeah.
Did we get
all that on tape?
Loud and clear.
Now, remember, we're talkin'
a whole truckload or no deal.
Fair enough.
Pending my examination
of the goods
and an agreement
on an equitable price.
Shall we say 10,000
in good faith?
( chuckles )
All right.
Now...
the rest is between
you and my brother.
If Troy says it's all right,
we'll set up a meetin'.
( loud squealing )
MAN:
Come on, man!
( patrons shouting )
( radio feedback )
What the hell is that?
Huh? Uh...
He's wired.
It's a setup.
He's been made.
You're dead.
ROYCE:
No, wait.
He's our ticket outta here.
Let's go, boys.
( suspenseful theme playing )
ROYCE: Come on, move! Move!
Watch it!
ROYCE: Let's go, boys!
( gunshots )
Cops!
Get down!
( grunting )
( siren wails )
SHREDDER:
Five hundred at 20 and a half.
There you are.
Simple as that.
WOMAN: Double in a month?
SHREDDER: Mm-hm.
Look, if there's anything
I can do--
Well, um,
arranging for the chef
to send up
a crusty beef Wellington
and a vintage Bordeaux
would more than suffice.
( giggles )
Hello, counselor. You look
like you've seen a ghost.
They said you had been shot.
In the back, at close range.
Twice. Ah, Walker,
you do realize
I'll never be able to wear
that jacket again?
I had to force him to wear
this bulletproof vest.
SHREDDER:
Walker was quite right
to insist.
Actually, it wasn't
as bad as all that.
Apart from a few cracked ribs,
and a very nasty bruise,
I'll be out of here
in no time.
ALEX:
Where's Trivette?
He went to pick up Pamela
for her protection.
She's staying with a friend.
All right.
PAMELA:
I don't understand
why I have to go
into protective custody.
Because you'd be a lot safer
until we get these guys
behind bars, all right?
The Ranger's right.
We both will be safer.
Okay, you're right.
I mean, I am scared
of them.
I just don't want
to give in to it.
You're not giving in, Pam.
You're doing what's smart.
Yeah, listen,
for what it's worth,
you've got more guts
than a lot of people
I know, all right?
( tires squealing )
Right over there.
( dramatic theme playing )
( grunting )
ROYCE:
Get it right!
( gang shouting, hollering )
ROYCE:
Get her!
WOMAN:
Pamela!
Help! Help!
Help!
( grunting )
Ah! Ah!
Ah! Help!
MAN:
Go!
C.D.:
Good thing you got Jimmy
watchin' that little gal Pamela.
Those Cochrans are
meaner than rattlesnakes.
Yeah. And we believe
they're hiding out
somewhere in Waxahachie.
You have any idea where?
Well, I had a run-in
with them some time ago.
They've got a compound
west of the river.
But that-- That's awfully rugged
country out there, partner.
I don't think that truck'll
get in there.
But I think I know what will,
and it's sitting in
the police impound yard.
Be careful.
( phone rings )
Walker.
Walker, it's Alex.
The Cochrans got Pamela.
What about Trivette?
He's okay. He just called in.
He's on his way out there.
Hold on a sec.
WOMAN:
Sorry, Ms. Cahill.
It's important.
We just got a report.
A sheriff at a roadblock
stopped the Cochrans four-by,
got himself into a shootout.
In Waxahachie?
Yes. County Line Road.
I'm not far from there.
Send backup.
( action theme playing )
DISPATCHER ( over radio ):
Unit 45, come in.
Cochrans spotted, Highway 71
near County Line Road.
Unit 45, do you copy?
Unit 45?
Come on, come on! Let's go!
( shouts and cheers )
MAN:
Come on, boys, let's go.
Best remedy in the world
against Texas heat.
Throw one of these
down your system,
you gonna be fine.
Howdy.
Mabel, listen, can you take over
for me for just a little while?
Well, sure, where are you
headed, your stockbroker's?
No. I'm going to Waxahachie.
Waxahachie?
Oh, there ain't nothing there
but rocks and rattlers.
Cordell's down there alone.
I gotta get the hell
outta here.
Oh, they paid.
( sirens in distance )
( coughing )
Take care of him.
All right, Ranger.
OFFICER:
How you doin', Scotty?
Hang in there, partner.
We've got
to stabilize you.
( rock action theme playing )
WALKER:
The Cochrans' place
is west of the river.
I know a shortcut.
TRIVETTE:
Land mines?
I wonder what other surprises
they have for us.
MAN:
Here they come,
right behind us!
( men chuckle )
Well. Sign back there
says "private property."
No Rangers allowed.
( all laugh )
( dispatcher speaking
indistinctly over radio )
I got a deputy
critically wounded, Alex.
Looks like the Cochrans
came out on top.
Well, what about Walker
and Trivette?
Jimmy's car's here.
I don't see
the Hummer or the girl.
Well, they're out there
somewhere, C.D.
I'll get a chopper in the works.
Okay.
( dispatcher continues
over radio )
( Royce laughs )
Ugh!
( men laugh )
( groans )
See, we like to catch
lawbreakers
and put 'em
in the slammer too.
Our slammer.
( all laugh )
I thought pigs
is supposed to be smart!
ROYCE:
Well, if they so smart,
how come they missed
that land mine?
TROY:
In case you're wondering,
uh, this here
is booby-trap city,
and as soon as, uh, Pee Wee
gets the dozer fired up,
y'all gonna be
permanent residents.
( laughing )
You all right?
We're gonna die, aren't we?
No, no. We're gonna
be just fine.
You just take it easy.
Save your strength.
You got any ideas?
No. Do you?
No. You're the one that's been
in this situation before, huh?
Well, it's my first time
in a pit.
Well, there's gotta be
some way outta here.
Well, first thing we got
to do is get...
untied here.
How are we gonna do that?
Start chewing.
What?
( slow guitar theme playing )
( clears throat )
( laughing )
( bulldozer motor starts )
Hurry up, Trivette.
Hurry!
Untie her.
( suspenseful action theme
playing )
Come on down, ugly.
Uhh!
Whoa.
Ah!
( choking )
Trivette.
( whispers ):
Come here. Help her up.
Come on.
Hey! They're out!
Hey, Troy!
Troy, get out here!
They're gettin' away!
Let's go.
( gunshots )
Hold! Hold it,
hold it, hold it.
Let 'em go, let 'em go.
Been a long time
since we've had ourselves
a real good hunt.
ALL:
Yeah.
TRIVETTE:
You want me to check it out?
Yeah. Hey,
keep your head down.
Look out.
( helicopter whirring )
( grunts )
( whispers ):
Damn it.
Let's go.
I owe you.
Yeah, you do.
2,500 bucks.
( motorcycle humming )
( yells )
( grunts )
Ow.
What happened?
She slashed her ankle.
God.
( motorcycle buzzing )
Let's go!
Ugh.
Where's Lyman?
I don't know.
I can't find Grady, either.
Rangers!
Booby traps
don't get you, we will.
We love to hunt.
( dramatic theme playing )
WALKER:
Hold it.
TRIVETTE:
How'd you know
that was there?
In Nam, you developed
a sense for it,
or you didn't go home.
What do you think?
It all depends on what's on
the other end of this wire.
Check that side.
Walker.
Well, I think it's time
we stopped running
from these guys, Trivette.
( explosion )
( cheers and laughter )
Bull's-eye!
Yeah! That's the tripwire
down by the creek,
isn't it, Troy?
Yeah. Razorback,
go check it out.
Take the walkie with you.
( motorcycle humming )
( wire snapping )
Uh! Ooh!
Uh.
Oh!
Where is he, man?
He oughta be back here by now.
Razor.
Razorback,
come on in here, y'all.
WALKER:
He can't talk
right now, Cochran,
but I'm out here
waiting for ya.
( ominous theme playing )
Ranger.
Ranger, you're dead.
You're dead! This is
your last day on earth!
It'll take more than talk,
Cochran.
( whispers ):
Damn.
Oh.
Good.
It's bleeding a lot.
Well, let's switch it.
Well, what's it look like
out there?
C.D.:
About like World War III.
This Hummer hit a land mine.
All kinda tracks
going off into the bush.
They got Walker and Trivette,
didn't they?
That's what it
looks like, yeah.
I don't think anybody walked
away from this damn thing.
I'm going in
to take a look myself.
It's fresh.
( over radio ):
So one of you's hurt, huh?
Aw, that's real disappointing.
You're making this easier
than findin' blood
in a slaughterhouse.
He's right.
I'm dragging us down.
Don't worry about it.
Royce, circle around back.
Pee Wee, you drive.
We'll go right at him.
( engines start )
( motorcycle humming )
Sounds like they're
right down on top of us.
That's exactly
where I want 'em.
( rock action theme playing )
( coughing )
( moaning in pain )
Time's up, Ranger.
WALKER:
Hey. Drop it,
or you're dead.
Ah!
They never listen.
Ah! Ah!
Oh.
Hey!
( grunts and groans )
Oh!
( groaning )
Ugh!
( roaring )
( choking )
( coughing )
TRIVETTE:
They're all yours, C.D.
No, no, no.
Like hell they are, Jimmy.
Texas livestock law requires
that we run them
through the sheep dip.
We're too tired
to laugh, C.D.
( slow country theme playing )
What?
Are you ki--?
You told--
You told me
it was a sure thing.
No, not at this time.
As a matter of fact, never.
I--
( slams phone down )
Oh, man.
The mutual fund went bust.
Hmm.
What am I going
to tell Walker?
( clears throat )
WALKER:
About what?
Tell me.
Stonham called.
We lost all our money.
You lost all my money?
Yeah, he said something
about the fund manager
declared chapter seven, 11,
or one of those crazy numbers.
You lost all my money.
I'm gonna pay it
all back, Walker.
With interest.
This could be
the best investment
of your life, Cordell.
You bet it could. Jimmy,
heck, you might
win the lottery.
Hi, guys.
So, did you hear about,
uh, the stocks?
It skyrocketed.
Skyrocketed?
Yeah. Up 15 points.
Well, then why did Stonham
say that it crashed?
I'll just bet you somebody
put him up to doing that.
I can't imagine anyone
doing something that terrible.
Nor can I.
I mean to say,
that is utterly despicable.
And, uh...
( chuckles )
totally unconscionable.
( laughter )
Why, you no...
Ab-absolutely abominable.
( country theme playing )
( upbeat theme playing )